## Reporting Issues

Please navigate here to open an issue on the Github Repository if you encounter an issue.

## Terms of Use

### Copyright

When you make a token, you must either own or have licensed the copyright of the character depicted, description provided, and title provided. By using this application, you are making that content available publicly.

If you suspect your copyright has been violated, please report it to some email address I haven't come up with yet.

## Privacy Information

This site does not collect any information about your browser or operating system. If you are reporting an issue, I will ask you to voluntarily provide information on your browser to help debug and resolve your issue. This information is kept in Github, and can be edited to be removed by yourself.

This site does not collect any user details. If you sign in, a unique identifier is generated by the service you chose to log in with, and a cookie will be created to connect your user account with any tokens made. This unique identifier is stored alongside any tokens you create until the cookie is cleared or you log out. This is kept to allow you to browse tokens you have created before. Consult your authentication provider's privacy policy for more details.

This site does collect basic telemetry, containing anonymous details about what requests were made to the servers it is hosted on. This is used for debugging and to monitor the health of the site.

## License

This site operates under two licenses: one for the code and application, and one for the artwork included.

### Code/Application License

The code and application are licensed to you under the MIT License, provided here and in the Github Repository.

```
Copyright 2019 Douglas Richardson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```

### Artwork License

The individual parts of the tokens are licensed under CC0.

Fill in more details about this as we go.